for today there are three questions i
want to talk about
number one
is really uh how can i
improve the performance of my campaigns
if you run the marketing campaigns how
do you improve that over a period of
time
number two uh how do i improve the
copywriting of my content and um that i
actually want to talk a little bit about
i want to share with you a specific
email example
and then the number three uh when i
create my website what are some of the
key components i need to pay attention
to all right so these are the three
questions i want to address and share
with you
even if you are not uh doing any of
these jobs i strongly suggest that you
uh listen and just try to understand how
your
other uh marketer
marketing peers um
think and address those questions over a
period of time i think it's very
important for all of us to be a more
integrated and more holistic thinker
comes down to the digital marketing the
digital marketing requires you
understand many aspects
you know of the the marketing in the
past you can probably focus on one
specific scope and know that very very
well
but that's still very important but um
but it's very important for you to
understand how the other marketing
functions work
that will expand your horizon at the
same time create additional career
opportunities for you and help you to
think strategically that's the most
important thing
so the first question let me address how
can i improve the performance of my
campaigns
and that depends on what kind of
campaigns you are running and in general
in general you run campaigns for one
reason right you run campaigns to do a
couple of things brain awareness
increase brain awareness increase leads
and also
increase opportunities for sales team
you always have to understand when you
run specific campaigns what are the
specific reason you are running a
campaign
and
and on top of it what are the success
metrics that you are using to track it
you have to use the metrics to improve
the performance does that make sense you
cannot improve your performance without
data
so you need to understand what are some
of the tracking mechanism that you are
going to use is it in place and also
what are the tracking that you are used
you are going to use to make sure that
you can drive the improvement over a
period of time
there are two most common uh
denominators or the um the metrics you
should use it doesn't matter you are
running social media campaigns or you
are running kind of like email marketing
campaigns there are two from my
perspective one is quality of leads the
other one is cost per lead
you always have to think about in terms
of how much money does it cost my
company to acquire a very nice quality
lead right so again quality and also
cost
you are like uh but i'm running a social
media and the only thing i have is live
retweets and um and the mention well you
know what those are nice you have to
find a way that whatever
tweets and mention whoever is mention it
you need to somehow make it down to the
next level do they come down to your
website to download certain kind of
content
right that is trackable mechanism is not
likes it's not retweet
and it's not impression all those are
important but
it doesn't really help the bottom line
does that make sense if you are talking
about brain awareness in a much broader
sense i mean that i get it but
ultimately that still needs to come down
some portion
of that brain awareness or impression
needs to convert
what is that conversion rate does that
make sense
so three things you need to really focus
on if you want to improve your campaigns
is the cost
quality
and also the conversion rate these are
the three things you need to figure that
out if you need to understand a little
bit more about that reach out to me we
can talk a little bit more about the
specific campaigns that you are doing
how do we drive that
i understand it's not as easy as you
think especially when you have a long
purchasing cycle i get it
i get it
right but somehow you have to come down
to that kind of mechanism tracking
mechanism to
understand how you can improve your
campaigns over time
cost quality conversion
okay
second question how can i improve the
copywriting for my content
i struggle with that i still struggle
with it to be honest with you i think
everybody struggles with writing
including you know a person who can
write very very well who can write very
well they still struggle with writing
and writing is a sense of communication
it's how you can communicate yourself
well
and everybody use words differently use
different phrases and we also have a
different cultural upbringing and our
sensitivity to certain words are
different from one person to another
also from business to personal does that
make sense so writing is actually hard i
want to make sure everybody understand
that copywriting is not easy
and the best way to improve copywriting
from my perspective being a blogger for
about you know seven or eight years and
i don't write every single week to be
honest with you but i have written three
uh three books and i wrote hundreds of
blogs and i'm still learning along the
way
i have come to realize there are a
couple things you need to pay attention
to
one is if you actually have a content
that you want to share you have to think
about why do you want to share that
content
a lot of time we share that content
that's because we want to showcase
ourselves our companies our products hey
me me me me let's look at our products
so you write a piece of content and talk
about that okay but that should not be
the reason to talk about um
to share with uh
uh to share with your audience your
audience really doesn't they don't care
about your products they don't care
about him dinner they don't care about
what i want to say but they care about
what i want to say if that's something
they can benefit from it
does that make sense
so they only care what you're going to
have what you are going to say
if they will benefit from it
so you have to think from their
perspective
so before you share a piece of content
you really need to think why do you want
to share it
you cannot um
justify it that oh because my company
wants to me to share it i want to
promote my products that is not
justification
is you need to think about it what
needs to be said about this piece of
content that the audience can really
cares about what you're going to say
does that make sense so that's one and
the second thing is
after you did your copywriting at the
end what is the call to action what are
the specific call to action you want a
person to do you need to be really
specific about that so what i'm going to
do is i am going to share
um
an email i wrote uh for uh postbian
um can i share my screen at all
huh i thought
i can do that
how do i make that work
it's such a shame i cannot share this
oh one
the live screen got disabled i wonder
why
that is too bad
okay
i cannot figure this out and i need to
do a better job and figure out how to i
can share screen
what i really want to share with you i'm
going to open an email it's actually an
email i wrote
for the 600
registrants who register for post beyond
webinar and about 130 people attended
and
i decided to send an email to all 600 of
them
and i know that a good chunk of 75 of
people that did not attend my post
beyond webinar
so when i wrote uh the email it took me
about five or six hours to actually
write that email and i went back to edit
it probably five times
so if you actually register for post
beyond you probably have gotten an email
from me
and uh the title of email
originally i said hey a quick follow-up
from your po your post beyond webinar
but i decided to change to pam dinner's
takeaway from last week's post beyond
webinar so i put my name front and
center so people understand that hey
they registered for pam dinner's webinar
and this is a follow-up email from
pmdinner about the webinar they register
right
then um immediately i say hey if you
attended post beyond webinar thank you
so i started with that
and then i basically said and then the
next one i said i hope you learned some
valuable insights attendees have shared
that it was fun and interactive so you
have seen my webinar and also my b2b max
sessions i was fine and i was
interactive
and then i immediately said in case you
missed it watch it on demand here so i
provided a link then i shared the three
bullet points about what you will
learned right i shared ideas about how
to understand your salespeople's needs
curate the content so it's easy for
salespeople to uh to share and the map
the content marketing content to sales
stages
then i went on to talk about some inside
jokes right i said hey you have to watch
it if you watch it you will know what
that pool is going to say about your
what amy poehler is going to say about
you know sales enablement which is
ah it's a lot of work
so i talk about that and then i add
additional kind of like a blog post that
people can benefit from it
and then say with a strong call to
action if you want to talk to me
book a call with me
does that make sense so that email
sounds very easy to write but uh it took
me a long time just to understand in
terms of
hey how should i structure information
that there's an easy takeaway about my
webinar so and to pique the interest for
people that would like to watch it uh
didn't have a chance to actually come to
the live webinar and at the same time
what is a specific call to action i want
people to do
and it's kind of hard to write an email
like this because all of you don't know
who i am you register for my webinar but
you you understand or have a little
knowledge about who i am or what i do
so when i try to write an email to you i
need to introduce myself a little bit
you know what i'm saying at the same
time and also talk about why this
webinar is important to you and you
should watch it on demand
and then immediately with a call to
action you want to talk a little bit
more about your challenges well reach
out to me
right
so when you do the copywriting
or when i do a copywriting i always
think from
the the person who is going to receive
that piece of content or that email from
me
what do they want to see
you know and then if i kind of can
identify what they want to see
then i will write it in a way that they
want to see it instead of what i want to
say
does that make sense
what i really want to say is
me right pm is great you should talk to
pam
but really what needs to be done in
terms of copywriting is you should turn
that around and talk about some of the
challenges that the audience encounter
and and then explain to explained it you
know why they have to watch the webinar
and once you can explain that then you
can tell them okay once you get that
done
what do you need to do next
does that make sense
so um
like i said uh took me about six five to
six hours to write one email
and i am not the only one drafting it i
also have my uh my social media manager
evod
revise it and i also have lisa edited as
well on top of it
the my um it person that actually
uh put this on zoho platform to send it
out to all of you he also provided some
feedback in terms of the the the right
the copy that i need to change so it was
actually a team work
if you are writing any kind of um
content pieces it's great to get other
people's feedback and get their sense in
terms trans what's the best way to say
it about certain things you know i will
say a certain thing but lisa and eva was
like i don't know what you're talking
about you need to say it a little bit
differently
and trust me it's the whole process can
be incredibly frustrating but at the end
i really like the email i send out okay
and what i come to realize is also um
you need to like what you
uh
what you send out if you do any kind of
marketing campaigns you need to be able
to like your creative you need to be
able to like your writing i know in the
b2b enterprises a lot of things is not
necessarily in your control
but
with your control just make sure that
you do the best you can and provide the
copywriting that's necessary to make it
successful
i understand a lot of time when it's
approved by legal it changed completely
i get it
but do the best you can with what you
have okay
all right the last question
is really uh when creating my website
what are some of the key components um i
should keep in mind
so i to change my website five times in
six years i'm not kidding i spent so
much time on website you will not
believe it
um the most important thing is not
copywriting it's not the design it's not
the logo of your website or where to
place your images from my perspective
the most important elements of the the
the the website is a site map
you know you have to understand like
have to look into your website and
determine what are the information you
want to share
kind of identify all the bits and pieces
of the information that you want to
share and put that out there in a big
board
and then you can think through in terms
of how you can organize the information
in the right category so that people can
actually find them
when google was founded i think
the founders was actually thinking from
the perspective how they can organize
the world's information
and that's why they create a search
algorithm like you know what it's not
just like help people search but try to
organize the information have you
noticed a lot of things that google does
is really organizing information so that
people can find it
so the same thing applies to your
website
what are the bits and pieces and all the
pieces of information that you can have
can you put it out somewhere in a big
board
and then try to understand what are the
information that you want to share with
others or what people probably
interested in finding
once you have all that information then
you can categorize it to me
classification of information is the
most important things when you create
your website
once you actually have your sitemap and
classification of information completed
right that's where the nav bar is
navigation bar
then you can determine in terms of what
are some of design elements that you
want to use what are the copywritings
what are the images with the layout
should be
so
the key components again
think about your website not from
designs perspective but from how you
want to organize your information